No1.
title "The Art of War"
des: ""The Art of War" is an ancient Chinese military treatise dating from the 5th century BC and is attributed to the ancient Chinese military strategist Sun Tzu. The text is composed of 13 chapters, each of which is devoted to one aspect of warfare and it is commonly thought of as a definitive work on military strategy and tactics. It was placed at the head of China's Seven Military Classics upon the collection's creation in 1080 by Emperor Shenzong of Song, and has long been the most influential strategy text in East Asia. It has had an influence on Eastern and Western military thinking, business tactics, legal strategy and beyond."

no2
title "Dopamine Detox : A Short Guide to Remove Distractions and Get Your Brain to Do Hard Things "
Des "Reclaim your focus in 48 hours or less. Do you keep procrastinating? Do you feel restless and unable to focus on your work? Do you have trouble getting excited about major goals? If so, you might need a dopamine detox. In today’s world where distractions are everywhere, the ability to focus has become more and more difficult to achieve. We are constantly being stimulated, feeling restless, often without knowing why. When the time comes to work, we suddenly find an excess of other things to do. Instead of working toward our goals, we go for a walk, grab a coffee, or check our emails. Everything seems like a great idea—everything except the very things we should be doing. Do you recognize yourself in the above situation? If so, don’t worry. You’re simply overstimulated. Dopamine Detox will help you lower your level of stimulation and regain focus in 48 hours or less,so that you can tackle your key tasks. More specifically, in Dopamine Detox you’ll discover: what dopamine is and how it works; the main benefits of completing a dopamine detox; 3 simple steps to implement a successful detox in the next 48 hours; practical exercises to eliminate distractions and boost your focus; simple tools and techniques to avoid overstimulation and help you stay focused, and much more. Dopamine Detox is your must-read, must-follow guide to help you remove distractions so you can finally work on your goals with ease. If you like easy-to-understand strategies, practical exercises, and no-nonsense teaching, you will love this book."

No3.
title "The Power of Your Subconscious Mind by Dr. Joseph Murphy [Premium Paperback]: Master your Mindset | Unleash the Magic of Thinking Big | Discover the Laws of Human "
Des "Dr Joseph Murphy’s The Power of Your Subconscious Mind is an international bestseller celebrated for its profound insights into the human psyche. Drawing upon a wealth of scientific research and spiritual wisdom, Murphy guides readers on a journey of self-discovery and empowerment, teaching them how to reprogram their subconscious mind for greater abundance, prosperity, and well-being.

Why Should You Read This Highly Acclaimed Classic?

Understand Your Mind, Understand Yourself: In this groundbreaking book, Murphy explores the intricate workings of the subconscious and reveals how it shapes every aspect of our lives, from our thoughts and beliefs to our actions and outcomes. With the right mindset, you can learn to stop overthinking, master your emotions, how to train your mind, and foster critical thinking. "

N4.
title: "Spring: Microservices with Spring Boot"
dec "Microservices helps in dissolving applications into small services and helps in building systems that are scalable, flexible, and resilient. Spring Boot helps in building rest-oriented, production-grade microservices. This book will help on how to build, monitor, and deploy microservices with Spring Boot."

N5.
title "Bootstrap 4 Quick Start: A Beginner's Guide to Building Responsive Layouts with Bootstrap 4: 1"
Dec "Want to improve the design of your website or web application without having to write CSS styles from scratch?

Updated to v4.2.1 January 2019

Learning web development is a lot more challenging than it used to be. Responsive web design adds more layers of complexity to design and develop websites. In this book you will become familiar with the new cards component, setting up the new flexbox grid layout, customizing the look and feel, how to follow the mobile-first development workflow, and more!

Web designer and developer Jacob Lett has built 100] websites and WordPress themes. Let him show you exactly how to build responsive layouts that look great in every browser and device. He shares what you can't learn from the official documentation... the process of actually building a full web design layout."

N6.
Title :Learn JavaScript Visually"
Dec : "Beautifully Illustrated book that teaches javascript fundamentals trough metaphors, analogies and easy step-by-step exercises. Visual learners retain information very differently than their left brained counter-parts, and thus benefit from different approaches. Full color illustrations help memory triggers as your brain never forgets an image, metaphor or schema. One page of a visual guide can equal one chapter of a conventional book as illustrations can make a world of difference over strictly words on a page! "

N7.
title: "JavaScript: The Definitive Guide: Master the World's Most-Used Programming Language, 7th Edition (Greyscale Indian Edition) [Paperback] David Flanagan"
dec: "All Indian Reprints of O'Reilly are printed in Grayscale.

JavaScript is the programming language of the web and is used by more software developers today than any other programming language. For nearly 25 years this best seller has been the go-to guide for JavaScript programmers. The seventh edition is fully updated to cover the 2020 version of JavaScript, and new chapters cover classes, modules, iterators, generators, Promises, async/await, and metaprogramming. You’ll find illuminating and engaging example code throughout."

N8
title: "The Power of Your Subconscious Mind"
dec: "This remarkable book by Dr. Joseph Murphy, one of the pioneering voices of affirmative thinking, will unlock for you the truly staggering powers of your subconscious mind. Combining time-honored spiritual wisdom with cutting edge scientific research, Dr. Murphy explains how the subconscious mind influences every single thing that you do and how, by understanding it and learning to control its incredible force, you can improve the quality of your daily life.Everything, from the promotion that you wanted and the raise you think you deserve, to overcoming phobias and bad habits and strengthening interpersonal relationships, the Power of Your Subconscious Mind will open a world of happiness, success, prosperity and peace for you. It will change your life and your world by changing your beliefs."

N9
title: "The Power of Your Subconscious Mind: Original Edition | Premium Paperback"
dec: "The Power of Your Subconscious Mind is one of the most promising self improvement books that you can gift to yourself or your loved ones. This book is designed to help you improve your relationships, health, and also to give you an internal strength that makes every hurdle look small. The book brings together best of both the worlds – scientific research as well as spiritual wisdom. It used the combined ideas to explain how our subconscious mind has the power to change our lives. The book explains how by understanding and learning to control our subconscious mind, we can welcome a world of prosperity, happiness and success. This book will act as a guide and help you understand the depth of your subconscious, get rid of fears and attract what you desire simply by changing your beliefs. Having sold millions of copies, this book and its ideas have changed the lives of many all over the world."

