N1.
title: LiMETRO STEEL Stainless Steel Foldable Cloth Dryer Stand Double Rack Cloth Stands for Drying Clothes Steel (Cross) 
dec: Material 	Stainless Steel
Product Dimensions 	120D x 54W x 4H Centimeters
Brand 	LiMETRO STEEL
Colour 	steel
Recommended Uses For Product 	Lightweight, Outdoor, Foldable, Indoor
About this item

    ✅ DESIGN AND UNIQUE FEATURES : 100 % Stainless Steel including Screws and Fasteners making it rust and corrosion free !!: Strong construction with large drying space with high quality metal construction, more sturdy and durable you can position your clothes with a nice amount of space between them so they can dry thoroughly.100 % Stainless Steel including Screws and Fasteners making it rust and corrosion free !!
    ✅ ALL WEATHER RESISTANT:Built from high-grade, 202 Stainless steel and precision engineered HDPE components to ensure maximum corrosion resistance. Designed for use in all climates and weather conditions
    ✅ USAGE AND SPACE : Easy to use and foldable light weight and easy to open and close for use can be used both indoors and outdoors, accordion design folds flat for easy storage on your small area.Cloth stand has 5.5 feet of drying space for drying lots of clothes at once / Height : 3 feet.
    ✅ ADVANTAGE AND SETTING UP: Suitable for clothes need to lay flat to dry features a top shelf for sweaters or other flat-drying items.It Comes fully assembled. Can be set up and folded in seconds. Takes very less space after you fold it.
    ✅ STURDY AND LIGHT WEIGHT : Ideal for every home as this cloth dryer rack can hold huge load of clothes on multiple rods and best of breed for balcony use als

	N2:
		title: Hit Crawling Insect Killer Cockroach Killer Spray (400Ml) | Instant Kill | Deep-Reach Nozzle | Fresh Fragrance.. 
		dec :Item Form 	Spray
Item Weight 	258 Grams
Liquid Volume 	400 Millilitres
Brand 	HIT
Target Species 	Insects
About this item

    Contains: 1 unit of HIT cockroach killer spray (400ml)
    INSTANT KILL: Instantly kills disease-spreading cockroaches and pests in just 3 seconds
    UNIQUE ‘DEEP-REACH’ NOZZLE: Delivers the spray to even the remotest cracks and crevices where cockroaches hide
    PROTECTION FROM DISEASES: Cockroach cause diseases and hence the spray helps provide protection against cockroaches that can make your family ill
    WHERE TO USE: Use in all cracks and corners, inside sink pipe, under cylinder, under fridge, kitchen sink outlet, inside cabinets, etc
    FRESH FRAGRANCE: Pleasant fresh fragrance, causing no discomfort during and after application
    Available in 5 different pack sizes: 200ml, 320ml, 400ml, 625ml and 700ml

	N3: 
		title: Claiez 5 PCs Microfiber Car Duster with Long Handle Car Cleaning Brush Exteriror and Interiror Car Cleaning Cloth Car Ac Vent Cleaner Brush for Car, Motorbike, SUVs Car Cleaning Kit (A1) 
		dec: 
    Car duster microfiber brush : Enhance your vehicle with car accessories, including car accessories interior options like organizers and floor mats, and maintain its cleanliness with a car cleaning brush, a car duster, and a comprehensive car cleaning kit.
    Keep your vehicle spotless with a car cleaner set that includes a car AC vent cleaner, a car brush for cleaning, a car interior cleaning brush, and an effective car dust cleaner. Car washing kit : Keep your vehicle spotless with a car cleaner set that includes a car AC vent cleaner, a car brush for cleaning, a car interior cleaning brush, and an effective car dust cleaner.
    Car interior cleaner brush : Upgrade your ride with car interior accessories and the car asseries all latest in accessories for car, and keep it clean with a microfiber duster for car cleaning, a car duster brush, and a car wash brush.
    Car interior cleaning kit : Maintain your vehicle's cleanliness with essential car wash accessories, including a car interior cleaner brush, a car duster for car cleaning, a car brush for cleaning dust exterior, and a versatile car dusting brush.
    Car dashbaord cleaner : Ensure your vehicle stays in top condition with a comprehensive car care kit featuring a versatile duster for car cleaning and a reliable car cleaner brush, while also enhancing its appearance with sleek car accessories exterior.

	N4:
		TITLE: Amazon Brand - Solimo Non Stick Appam Patra (12 pits, 2 layer coating) (Black) 
		dec : Brand 	Amazon Brand - Solimo
Material 	Aluminium
Special Feature 	Microwave Safe, Dishwasher Safe
Colour 	Black
Capacity 	12 Inches
Compatible Devices 	Gas
Product Care Instructions 	Dishwasher Safe
Handle Material 	Aluminum
Item Weight 	310 Grams
Is Oven Safe 	Yes
See more
About this item

    100% virgin aluminium provides effective heat distribution
    Perfluorooctanoic Acid (PFOA) & Lead free food grade surface is safe to use
    2 layer non-stick coating for oil-free and healthy cooking
    Extra thick base provides balance and prevents warping
    High Temperature Resistant (HTR) outer surface coating is long lasting
    Cool-touch aluminium side handles offers firm grip
    Ideal for cooking traditional paddus and paddu cakes, mixed dal vadas, stuffed potato and cheese balls, and small fritters with 12 pits

	N5: 
		title: Amazon Brand - Solimo - 2 Pcs Stainless Steel Cookware Set - (Tope 18 cm, Sauce 14 cm) 2500 Liter 
		dec:Material 	Stainless Steel
Finish Type 	Steel
Brand 	Amazon Brand - Solimo
Colour 	silver
Capacity 	2500 litres
Product Dimensions 	15.7D x 48.2W x 9H Centimeters
Item Weight 	564 Grams
Is Oven Safe 	No
Manufacturer 	Keyur Kitchenware, KEYUR KITCHENWARE GALA NO 5 TO 9,13,14, BLDG.NO. 2&3 KUNAL INDUSTRIAL ESTATE, NEAR SBI BANK GAURAIPADA VASAI EAST, DIST. PALGHAR – 401208, INDIAKeyur Kitchenware, KEYUR KITCHENWARE GALA NO 5 TO 9,13,14, BLDG.NO. 2&3 KUNAL INDUSTRIAL ESTATE, NEAR SBI BANK GAURAIPADA VASAI EAST, D… See more
Size 	18cm , 14cm
See more
About this item

    STAINLESS STEEL: The cookware set is made of 100% food grade stainless steel.
    STOVE AND INDUCTION SAFE: The cookware set is compatible with both gas stoves and induction cooktops.
    MULTIPURPOSE: The set can be used for various purposes like cooking, frying, storing and serving.
    EASY TO CLEAN: The set is dishwasher safe making it easy to clean, wash and maintain.
    PACKAGE CONTENTS: 2 Pcs stainless steel cookware set - (Tope 18 cm, Sauce 14 cm).

	N6:
		title: AGARO Imperial Granite Non Stick Cookware Set, 4pcs Cookware Set, 24cm Fry Pan & Casserole with Lid, 16cm Sauce pan with Lid, 28cm Deep Fry Pan with Lid, Cast Aluminium, Gas & Induction Compatible. 
		dec: Material 	Aluminium
Colour 	Dark Grey
Brand 	AGARO
Size 	Medium
Is Dishwasher Safe 	No
About this item

    Set of 4 cookware set is perfect to cook meals including rice, biriyani, fry spices, boil milk, make tea etc
    The cookwares are made from cast aluminium body with a non stick coated granite finish inner layer
    The cookwares are made with a flat bottom which allows it to be placed evenly over heat source. Suitable for use on Induction and gas cookers. To be used in low flame
    Enjoy a low-oil lifestyle with our PFOA-free pan, delivering healthier meals without sacrificing flavour
    Includes: 24cm Fry Pan, 16cm Saucepan, 24cm Sauce Pot, 28cm Biryani Pot
    Caution: Use with Wooden or Nylon Spatula only, Clean with soft Nylon or sponge scrubber only, Do not clean in a dishwasher

	N7:
		title: Adbeni Imported Steel Windproof Gas Saver Burner Stand | Energy Saving Hood & Stove Protector for Woks | Durable Gas Saviour Bracket Reducer, Black (Pack Of 3) 
		dec: Colour 	Black
Material 	Metal
Special Feature 	Durable, Heat-Resistant Materials, Compatibility with Multiple Devices, Compact Storage, Portable Design, Adjustable AnglesDurable, Heat-Resistant Materials, Compatibility with Multiple Devices, Compact Storage, Portable Design, Adjustable Angles
Brand 	adbeni
Heating Elements 	1
About this item

    [WINDPROOF DESIGN] Shields flames from wind, providing stable and consistent cooking performance outdoors or in breezy conditions.
    [ENERGY EFFICIENCY] Reduces gas usage by optimizing heat retention, helping you save money on energy bills while cooking.
    [STURDY CONSTRUCTION] Made from high-quality steel, this burner stand offers durability and stability, supporting heavy cookware with ease.
    [VERSATILE USE] Ideal for various cooking scenarios, including outdoor barbecues, camping trips, and everyday home cooking.
    [ENHANCED HEAT RETENTION] The gas saviour ring maximizes heat retention, ensuring thorough cooking while minimizing fuel consumption.


	N8: 
		title: BITLOK Plastic Long Sink Shelf | Expandable Kitchen Drying Basket Rack | Sink Sponge Shelf | Brush/Soap Drainer Rack | Telescopic Sink Storage Rack (Pack Of 1) Multicolored 
		dec : Material 	Plastic
Product Dimensions 	10D x 10W x 12H Centimeters
Brand 	BITLOK
Colour 	Multicolour
Recommended Uses For Product 	Waterproof
About this item

    Organize your kitchen sink area with this stand perfectly crafted for kitchen sink area. Very innovative design to store all daily needs for sink work like dishwasher liquid, brush, soap, sponge etc.
    Open and hollow bottom design allows water to drain fast, preventing bacterial from growing in your utensils.
    Ideal for holding sponge, soap, brush, towel, handy when washing dishes.
    Package Included : 1 x Plastic Long Sink Shelf (Pack Of 1) || Material : Plastic .
    Waterproof : Fit for kitchen shower bathroom or anywhere you need.


	N9:
		title:  Dish Drying Mat for Kitchen Counter, Heat Resistant Drainer Mats with Non-Slip Rubber Backed, Hide Stain Kitchen Super Absorbent Draining Mat, Easy to Clean Dish Rack Pad,Black 30CMx40CM 
		dec: Material 	Natural rubber
Product Dimensions 	30L x 40W Centimeters
Fill Material 	Composite Sponge
Brand 	Hodaqe
Product Care Instructions 	Hand Wash Only
About this item

    Dish Drying Mat: Each kitchen counter mat measures 30CMx40CM, which is larger than ordinary draining mats and can hold large pots, pans, and more dishes. Dishmats are perfect for kitchen counters and bathroom countertops.
    Multifunctional Dish Mat: This kitchen drying mat can be placed anywhere you want to absorb water, such as kitchen countertops, shelves, under the sink, bathroom countertops, dining table, also great for pets as a placemat or bed.
    【Quick water absorption & Drying】The microfiber tableware dish drying mat is made of high-absorbent nanomaterials.The drying mat is soft and absorbent, which can dry quickly and hide stains well.In addition, the dish mat is thick enough to better protect countertops, tableware and glassware from damage and pollution.
    【Anti-slip & Durable】The bottom of the rubber backing of the dish drying rack mat has a good anti-skid effect.Non-slip, waterproof and heat-resistant. Put household items on the drying mat, and the non-slip bottom will be adsorbed on the table to prevent them from moving. The bottom of the rubber can also prevent spilled liquid from damaging the table.Kitchen tableware dish drying pads are tear-resistant, wear-resistant and can be used for a long time.
    Maintain a perpetually clean and organized countertop. The exquisite design of our drying mat transforms it into more than just a functional product; it becomes a captivating decoration that accentuates the elegant taste of the homeowner, adding a touch of brilliance to every corner of your home.
	
	N10.
		title: MAXADIL Adjustable Drainer Sink Tray | Sponge Soap Holder | Plastic Long Sink Shelf | Expandable Kitchen Drying Basket Rack | Brush/Soap Drainer Rack, Multicolour 
		dec: Material 	Plastic
Brand 	MAXADIL
Colour 	Multicolour
Recommended Uses For Product 	adjustable
Mounting Type 	Countertop Mount
About this item

    Package included :- 1 x Plastic Long sink shelf
    Color :- Multi color
    Size :-Standard
    Material :-Plastic
    The Perfect Tool for The Kitchen;-Open and hollow design allows water to drain fast, perfect for kitchen storage organizer of sponges,brush,dish rags kitchen tools. The sink rack will keep your utensils away from dirty water in the pool and prevent bacterial from growing.
    Organize your kitchen sink area with this stand perfectly crafted for kitchen sink area. Very innovative design to store all daily needs for sink work like dishwasher liquid, brush, soap, sponge etc.
    Ideal for holding sponge, soap, brush, towel, handy when washing dishes.
